# Subscription Messaging App

This is a C++ project for my Communication Protocols course's homework,
where I have designed a Client-Server app that handles redirecting messages
from providers to clients based on topics subscribed.

## About

This is a client-server app that manages topic subscriptions for TCP clients
and then forwards messages generated by UDP clients to the others. 

### TCP client

TCP clients can connect to the server with an associated `clientID` and perform
commands like `subscribe` or `unsubscribe` and `exit`. The server then handles
these requests accordingly.
The clients also receive messages from some UDP generator clients, through the 
server, related to the topics that they have subscribed to.

### TCP-UDP Server

The server handles incoming messsaged from the UDP clients and redirects them
to the respective TCP clients if their subscribed topics match with the
message's, also appending the IP and port of the sender. It uses IO multiplexing
assigning a new socket to each TCP client that requests a connection. Even after
disconnecting, clients keep their profile associated with a `cientID`.

### Protocol

Since there are not many commands that can be performed, a simplistic protocol
is enough. It appends the packet size at the beggining, followed by a command.
Based on that command the rest gets interpreted on the receiver.

| Package size | Command |     Associated Information     |
| :---:        | :----:  |          :---:                 |
| 8 bytes      | 3 bytes | Variable size - up to 2k bytes |
